Self-Driving Lane Lines Detection Project Proposal
=======
Introduction
-------
Self-driving, as the same meaning of autonomous car or driverless car, is a vehicle that is capable of sensing its environment 
and moving with little or no human input. It does a significant convenience to human's real life. One of self-driving sensor is
camera, driverless car uses a front-facing camera to collect the environment information and produces real-time video to help the car sensing 
the situation. So detecting the lane lines is a very important issue, this project is to create a improved lane finding 
algorithm using computer vision techniques. The core of this project is to identify the lane boundry in the camera video. This 
peoject is mainly about these below sections.<br>

## Section 1: Camera Calibration
When a camera captures 3D objects in the real world it transforms them into 2D images, this transform is not exact and modifies
the objects shape and size. In order to correct the distortion of we need to analyze images generated by the camera, calitrate
it and use the distortion parameters to correct other images taken with it.

## Section 2: Color and Gradient Threshold
Color and gradient thresholds are used to identify the lane markings. This part is mainly about running the image through an 
almost empirical combination of methods that process color channels and gradients in order to create a binary image that just 
contains the lane pixels

## Section 3: The Lane Class
Once the pixels corresponding to the lane lines are dentified in section2, curve fitting can be done to detrmine the driable 
region, in order to facilitate book-keeping, a python class definiton for the lane making lines was used.

## Section 4: Curve Fitting Strategy
This function fits a 2nd order polynomial to the image coordinates returned by lane identification algorithm. These coordinates
could be the centroids of the sliding convolutional windows (newly identified lane line) or all the pixel identified within the
margin (previously identified lane line). 

## Section 5: Visualization
This part will make a visualization of the intermediate video at each section described above. The drivable lane region is superimposed on the original video frames (undistorted) along with status of dropped frame for easy
visualization. 

### Author: Yufei Wang
